=====
##Overall project goal:
Demonstrate ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The raw data used is located here:
https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip

There are three documents submitted with the final project of the course Getting and Cleaning Data, described below

=====
##run_analysis.R
This is an R script with instructions to achieve the following:
1. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
2. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
3. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
4. Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.
5. From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

It starts by reading the following text files into data frames (without predefined headers): X_train, X_test, subject_train, subject_test, y_train, y_test, activity_labels and features. Then the column names of the X_train and X_test variables are updated using the names contained in the features variable. Immediately after two new columns are added to the X_train and X_test variables, one for the Subjects and another for Activities. Then the train and test sets are merged through rbind. Following this only the columns referring to means and standard deviation are retained. Values for the Activity variable are updated with descriptive names. The rest of the variables are renamed with descriptive values, and finally, the resulting data set is melted and cast to obtain averages per subject and activity.

The document was submitted through GitHub.

=====
##codebook.md
This is an R markdown document that describes the variables used in the script.

The codebook was submitted through GitHub.

=====
##finaldataset.txt
This is a file that contains the dataset generated by the run_analysis.R script. This dataset represents the result of the project objective. It can be read in R using the read.table function with header = TRUE.
The file was submitted through Coursera.